docs: update k8s upgrade instructions (#20263)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/upgrade/index.mdx

   ```yaml
   global:
     image: "hashicorp/consul:1.11.1"
   ```

   </CodeBlockConfig>

> 1. Determine the version of your existing Helm installation. In this example, version `0.39.0` (from `consul-k8s:0.39.0`) is being used.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Determine the version of your existing Helm installation. The following example shows that version `0.39.0` is installed. The version is derived from the `CHART` column.
```

  ```shell-session
  $ helm list --filter consul --namespace consul
  NAME  	NAMESPACE	REVISION	UPDATED                             	STATUS  	CHART        	APP VERSION
  consul	consul   	2       	2022-02-02 21:49:45.647678 -0800 PST	deployed	consul-0.39.0	1.11.1
  ```

1. Check the [Consul on Kubernetes Version Compatibility](/consul/docs/k8s/compatibility) matrix. Each 1.x version of
the chart corresponds to a specific 1.x version of Consul. You may need to upgrade your chart version to match the
Consul version you want to upgrade to.

1. Perform a `helm upgrade`:

  ```shell-session
  $ helm upgrade consul hashicorp/consul --namespace consul --version 0.39.0 --values /path/to/my/values.yaml
  ```

~> Note: If you don't pass the `--version` flag when upgrading a Helm chart, Helm uses the most up-to-date version of the chart in its local cache, which may result in an unintended version upgrade.

## Consul server restarts/upgrades

-> *Note for older versions*: For versions of Consul on Kubernetes prior to `1.4.0`, we recommended using the `server.updatePartition` setting to slowly upgrade

> Consul servers. This is no longer necessary due to some changes we made to increase the stability of upgrades, but if you
> are upgrading a version of the chart older than `1.4.0`, use the version drop-down at the top of the page to select a version
> <= `1.17.0` (corresponding to the Consul version in your chart, not the chart version) which contains those instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consul servers. Refer to an older version of the documentation for instructions on upgrading to a version of the chart older than `v1.4.0`. Use the version drop-down at the top of this page to select a version older than or equal to `v1.17.0`. Consul documentation versions correspond to the Consul version in your chart, not the chart version, that contains the instructions.
```

Per the style guide, avoid using parentheses and mathematical expressions in prose.
